[colorbox]http://colorpowered.com/colorbox/
[disqus]http://disqus.com
[tumblr]http://www.tumblr.com/
[marshall]http://www.marshallfranklinlong.com/
[thinkingofadreamihad]http://thinkingofadreamihad.com/

h1. thinkingofadreamihad

h2. Intro 

This repository is actually two things, currently:

* a theme for the micro-blogging engine, "Tumblr":tumblr, custom-made for "Marshall Franklin Long's":marshall photoblog, "thinkingofadreamihad":thinkingofadreamihad
* a soon-to-be-separated plugin ^?^ to allow for easy, nested use of Tumblr's _blocks_ and _variables_, called **Hamburglr**

h2. Status

The theme is still under active development. I change _Hamburglr_ rarely, but it's basically complete. I wrote it for this project and I haven't taken the time to separate it yet.

The assets used in the markup are hosted in a few different locations, one of them being my home web server, which, needless to say, is not ideal from a content-serving point-of-view. However, it will remain that way until development slows down, at which time, I will move them all to a fast server.

h2. Features

* Clean, bright, modern look
* Simple interface with a lot of function
* Monochromatic, desaturated color scheme
* Many config options for setting fonts, images, and visibility of various details/features
* Fixed width (500px) center content column, with a 200px-wide sidebar to contain blog's info, search, and links
* Fixed position search box that is visible always
* **Haml** is used for markup, **Sass** for stylesheets. The rendered HTML and CSS are excluded from the repo.
* "**Colorbox**":colorbox integration for viewing photos
* Photo overlay upon hover, revealing whether there is a "click-through link" on the photo, and/or if there is a high-res version. In the case of there being both, clicking the photo will take the user to the linked resource, while a "Show High Resolution" link will reveal the high-res photo.
* Manipulation of flash objects, in order to fix **Tumblr's** shitty Flash insertion, via **jQuery** on document load, in order to add the @wmode=transparent@ param
* "**DISQUS**":disqus comments integration
* Heavy use of **jQuery**, with appropriate, semantic fall-back markup for those without javascript
* Semantic (as much as I could manage) markup for accessibility[1]


fn1. That's not to suggest that I did _any_ accessibility testing. Merely that the document was structured semantically. There is *much* room for improvement in the s508 department.

h2. Hamburglr

**Hamburglr** makes it easy for you to combine the features of **Haml** and **Tumblr**. I won't go into examples here, check out the theme template for a perfect example. 

h3. render.rb

@render.rb@ renders the **HAML** and the **SASS** using **Hamburglr**. It also requires @active_support@ for now. 

There is also a sample data feature. It uses all the values set in @Hamburglr.rb@ as sample data, for _variables only_, at the moment. I intend to get the blocks working in the future. To use this feature, and set in @render.rb@:

bc. SAMPLE_DATA = true

bc. ruby render.rb; cp --parents -vRt {DEV_HOST}/assets/thinkingofadreamihad/ js/main.js css/*.css thinking_of_a_dream_i_had.tumblr.html
